Allow normalization adjustment (#42)
nf-core/nanostring: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## v1.1.2dev

### `Added`

> - Allow users to specify normalizations: `GEO` (default) or `GLM`

Reviewer: Maybe better "normalization method" ?

> - Allow users to specify normalizations: `GEO` (default) or `GLM`

Author: ```suggestion
- Allow users to specify normalization method: `GEO` (default) or `GLM`
```
